The main goal of the weekly recurring community support meeting is to ensure those in Solid roles (except user panelists) are engaging constructively with the Solid community, as well as providing the governance, guidance, and resources necessary to foster the ecosystem.

20190320_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Update of domain terms, licensing, trademark, and communications interim solutions:
 - Define how to measure a healthy community
 - Design a roadmap for the coming year 
 - Decide how to engage with audiences beyond developers
 
20190314_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Decide on how we would like to use the Solid Community workshop next Wednesday Morning: define how to measure a healthy community, a roadmap for the coming year, decide how to engage with audiences beyond developers
 - Decide on our preferred route to respond to misinformation about Solid in news articles: only respond if there is substantially more misinformation
 - Decide on theme and speaker options for Solid World April (potentially SSI): try out a recorded podcast and use the theme of SSI and identity
 - Update on feedback from last weeks talks (Kjetil at Norwegian Research Centre for Computers and Law): if they ask for academic partnerships work with Ruben
 - Update of domain terms, licensing, trademark, and communications interim solutions: to be discussed next week 
 - Review Ledger Project suggestion: Mitzi to put together a proposal to run by Tim and John
 - Review "Free Food? Sponsored by" artwork proposal: Solid too young to engage 
 - Review [Pod Provider requirments](https://github.com/solid/community/blob/master/becoming-a-solid-provider.md): enforcement an issue so best not to have requirements beyond the Solid spec

20190307_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Reveiw issue about ['Review period of code PRs'](https://github.com/solid/community/issues/56): included conversation minutes in the issue itself 
 - Prepare for upcoming talks this week (Kjetil at Norwegian Research Centre for Computers and Law): Kjetil preparing

20190228_Weekly Community Support Meeting
(cancelled)

20190221_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Update of govenance interim solutions: no update
 - Review W3C Solid Community agenda: accepted, make sure to publish on W3C wiki
 - Review Solid World agenda: accepted
 - Review public speaking requests: reviewed inbound until June
 
20190214_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Recap of W3C opinion on Solid governance interim solution and follow up email converstaion: ongoing converstaions needed to come to a consensus on route forward
 - Discuss the funding strategy of Solid community support: to be put forward to Community Leader
 - Review W3C Solid Community agenda: Community Manager spoke to Solid spec writters and asked about preffered route forward as well as attending another W3C working group meeting to observe how they carried it out as well as drafted an agenda for chair of previous meeting to review
 - Review Solid World agenda:Community Manager reached out to potential speakers and will get a confirmation next week to be able to publish the invitation

20190207_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Discuss Solid World March: 
 - Discuss how to structure W3C meeting: 

20190131_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Decide on practical interim solution for solidproject.org domain and hosting, website upkeep, licensing body, Solid spec maintenance and upkeep: speak to W3C to ask them for their opinion
  - Conversation about Solid specs: There are the specs describing the movement for technical architecture meaning that all apps should be compatible regardless. Maybe there should also be a 'happy Solid' that uses Solid in a particular way, for example, apps that don't advertise at all. 
 
20190124_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - Discuss Licensing: need to define licensing body 
 - Discuss website content: collect requests made by community  
 - Decide on Solid World theme: Channel = appear.in is a good sharing tool (could be good to get a pro accounts), Content = Solid chat demo plus an explanation of the code, Other topics for the future how to annotate documents using linked data
 - Conversation on defining and communicating Solid: technology/ standards/ protocol/ community, Perspectives = social, economic, technical, phycological, Multifaceted, Solid is a web technology that adds identity authorisation and store (?), Gives possibility to control data (is this impact related?), Need to distinguish Solid from blockchain, explain linked data, don't oversimplify, protocol has multiple meanings, software uses several protocols, Solid is a web technology that adds identity authentication and data storage around the individual, Web technology – a technology built on the existing web, Problem/ solution approach – be careful to represent Solid as a single solution, there are social elements, Solid is also a social movement, Technical approach to help with social problems

20190117_Weekly Community Support Meeting
 - update on full transparency of minutes from now on review community Support Meeting and Agenda.md pull request
 - Update on merge of community readme and roles pull requests
 - Update on gitter solid/team on gitter
 - Discuss https://github.com/solid/community/issues/7 as a way to close issues that are not resolved: Ok to leave issue or pull request open if the item is not fixed. However, items which are open and a resolution has been found should be closed.  |
 - Discuss how to interact with W3C: Solid W3C rep responsible for understanding what is going on and convey that to the organisation. Would be useful to talk about the relationship with W3C directly. Would be useful to include a description of the interaction on the community repo.
 - Discuss any further items to be published on community repo and www.solidproject.org: Mention any affiliations of Solid team members. 
Discuss the goals and values of Solid: Community manager to write up notes in the closed wiki to review within the team next week before sharing externally for feedback.
